Dark suspense music playing
Mysterious music playing
Mysterious ending music
NOTE Noise Subtitles-------------------
[BANG]
[Gasping for air]
[Train whistling]
[GUNSHOT]
NOTE Actual Subtitles----------------
Dolores      You came back.
Teddy      You know if I could stay right here with you I would.
Dolores      Just sometimes I feel like the world out there is calling me
Boy      You're one of them aren't you?
Boy      You're not real
Bernard      Bring yourself back online
Robert      Do you know where you are?
Dolores      I'm in a dream.
Robert      You're in my dream
Robert      I've designed every part of this place.
Robert      It's not a theme park
Robert      but an entire world
Narrator      You, and everyone you know, were built to gratify the desires
Narrator      of people who pay to visit your world
Robert      Just don't forget, they're not real
Robert      What you and I do, is, so complicated
Bernard      I need your help Dolores, I think I've made a mistake
Robert      So our creatures have been misbehaving
Dolores      I think there may be something wrong with this world
Man in Black       No choice you ever made was your own
Man in Black      You have always been a prisoner
Man in Black      What if I told you, I'm here to set you free
Dolores      Are we.. very old friends?
Robert      No.. I wouldn't say friends Dolores
Robert      I wouldn't say that at all